hi everyone then I you
showed two tweeters that I found
on trick
so that was a part of that
gravity so I want to apologize for
report to worst act what I thought
that it was him so suddenly I put a
little with tv on
on a pussy while it was not
him who was Lord Sinclar and Roman
then the compliant guardians
we will look very quickly at what they
will do
so their sinclair is a problem
it's a British going on a
aerodrome and three depots so that seems
quite normal and the eye on on
departure so no problem the problem
he may not come from him he comes
to get himself romane man who builds 3
base of interests more
five trucks of
it was anything knowing that the
bazaars stems of drops 45 dollars 45
dollars and there he comes out 4 5 going to me
feel 5.6 makes 88
so we say to ourselves what is wrong
played directly on thursday but you're stupid
is extremely expensive
so we can imagine that he has money
unlimited and then we'll see the
gentleman's cheats at five o'clock
what is his cheap but his
title the god mode
look at two flext9 the a88 that's it
my shot
the extremely powerful ansm star that
when he touches a plane the plane is in
play mode finally
in panic mode and he helped to come back
on the basis there not only he touched
twice but look at her two more
twice but nothing at all
the arc separated I pull nothing at all
they laugh
so here I say there is a fucking
problem and here I say that my
teacher and there romane gentleman
which 5.5 basis of
artillery
the said yes actually at five there
and me before
of cheat villa the fashion god loves to create
I have money is limited
so that's not necessarily cool
and there when they wake me up because
that he is saying ah yes hey go he has
said it's gone to the east I sent the
sauce
the problem is that illiterate people do not
feel not necessarily made the basis for
from the multi the other look very late there is
many trainers who are made for
solo
normally all the traders we
found on shit happens point com and
so here they send the sauce on
sees unlimited money
opposite nothing at all since laurent
and here we go
All have all been blocked since
stragglers are not made for fashion
multi three quarters of sorters
jerk for multi mode and so suddenly
that gave that made us all bugger and
so here is so if you find Lord
sinclair or romance better on his f18
you know they have trainers and that
Well, that's basically people like that